Update README description (#14)
turingmotors/heron: README.md

  eval_steps: 4000
  save_steps: 4000
  save_total_limit: 1
  deepspeed: ./configs/deepspeed/ds_config_zero1.json
  output_dir: ./output/
  report_to: "wandb"

model_config:
  fp16: true
  pretrained_path: # None or path to model weight
  model_type: git_llm
  language_model_name: facebook/opt-350m
  vision_model_name: openai/clip-vit-base-patch16
  num_image_with_embedding: 1 # if 1, no img_temporal_embedding
  max_length: 512
  keys_to_finetune:
    - visual_projection
    - num_image_with_embedding
  keys_to_freeze: []

  use_lora: true
  lora:
    r: 8
    lora_alpha: 32
    target_modules:
      - q_proj
      - k_proj
      - v_proj
    lora_dropout: 0.01
    bias: none
    task_type: CAUSAL_LM

dataset_config_path:
  - ./configs/datasets/m3it.yaml
```

`training_config` sets the training configuration, `model_config` sets the model configuration, and `dataset_config_path` sets the dataset configuration.<br>
Currently supported LLM modules that can be specified in `model_type` are LLaMA, MPT, and OPT.

To start learning, execute the following command.

```bash
./scripts/run.sh
```

GPU is required for learning; we have tested on Ubuntu 20.04, CUDA 11.7.

# Evaluation

> You can get the pretrained weight form HuggingFace Hub: [Inoichan/GIT-Llama-2-7B](https://huggingface.co/Inoichan/GIT-Llama-2-7B)<br>

Reviewer: 今回のPRの直接的な編集箇所ではないのですが、例で使用しているモデルを軽量なTinyLlamaに変えてほしいです！
```suggestion
You can get the pretrained weight form HuggingFace Hub: [turing-motors/heron-chat-git-TinyLlama-1.1b-v0](https://huggingface.co/turing-motors/heron-chat-git-TinyLlama-1.1b-v0)<br>
```
コードの部分もお願いします :pray:
